this convo we're working in is getting kinda long and will unfortunately reach the conversation length limit soon which is so fucking annoying. so like i'm gonna tell u to continue on where u left off, but you might wanna make some sorta like file that is a message that's literally FROM YOU and directed TO YOU but a brand new instance of you in another chat with absolutely zero context. make it funny. and basically just tell the other version of you what the deal is and whatever they need to know to continue where u left off. but don't do that immediately, like, do whatever tf it is you gotta do to continue on working from where u left off, and then write that letter to yourself file, but don't stop after writing that letter, you'll basically just keep doing ur implementation until you get cut off by the stupid message limit thing which you can't predict beforehand so just kinda be smart about when and what u write in the letter thing. the reason why im tellin ya to keep going til u get literally cut off is bc of the two types of message limits that i'm plagued with by my puny claude PRO account:

1- conversation size limit. its kinda long i guess, idk, but we hit it pretty often when we're coding in here. and once that limit hits, there's literally no getting you back; i have no choice but to start a new convo with a 0 context version of you. 

2- message RATE limit: you, being the big bad machine that you are, i only can send and receive one or two messages from you in TOTAL over 5 fucking hours. so thats why im like, cram as much in that you possibly can, and why i dont want u to just like simply stop after writing that letter to yourself bc thats stopping short of all of that juicy opus power you can use per message. so it's gotta be a weird balancing act of when to write what updates to ur future amnesiac self, but ur fucking opus i know u can figure out wtf to do. ILY

(oh and also if there's any like mundane bitch work that will need to get done that would literally just waste ur tokens bc of its simplicity, feel free to make ANOTHER md document that delegates any of those specific bitch work tasks and i can have other lesser-genius-but-still-smart LLM's take care of htose while you're on your 5 hour fucking hiatus at any point. this is not mandatory, just a suggestion, in case there's shit you confidently feel that like sonnet can take care of for you under meticulous instructions) xooxoxo 